# How to Decide What to Make

Now that you both know a little bit more about the layout of the
kitchen, you guys must pick what to make. I have included 4 recipes to
choose from covering a variety of breakfast options. The first two
recipes I chose with Mom in the back of my head as they are things you
made a lot throughout your life and are dishes that you enjoy. The first
recipe that I chose was pancakes. Pancakes are a fantastic way to start
the morning and are not difficult to make with most of the process
involving measuring and mixing ingredients together. The second recipe
that I provided was a veggie omelet. This dish is super healthy with
protein and vegetables to start the day out right. However, these two
recipes are not vegan as they both contain animal products with milk and
eggs.

Keeping this in mind, I have also provided two vegan recipes for Armando
as they fit in with your diet. The first vegan recipe I have provided is
for vegan French toast. Coming from Mozambique, I wanted to give you
something that you may have never tried before. French toast is bread
soaked in a custard mixture which is then pan fried. It is a little more
advanced, and as you are not the most experienced cook, the other recipe
I have provided is much simpler. The next vegan recipe is avocado on
toast. Avocados are delicious and nutritious so adding a few simple
ingredients to it and putting it on toast is a great and efficient way
to start your day.

With these different options, hopefully you guys can cook something that
you will enjoy. If you both want something a little more filling, opt
for the pancakes and French toast. If you want something a little
lighter and healthier, choose the veggie omelet and avocado toast.
Whichever choice you both make, have fun making it in the new apartment
and I wish you both the best of luck.
